Update search.md (#22316)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/razor-pages/search.md

The `s => s.Title.Contains()` code is a [Lambda Expression](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/lambda-expressions). Lambdas are used in method-based [LINQ](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/) queries as arguments to standard query operator methods such as the [Where](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/query-syntax-and-method-syntax-in-linq) method or `Contains`. LINQ queries are not executed when they're defined or when they're modified by calling a method, such as `Where`, `Contains`, or `OrderBy`. Rather, query execution is deferred. The evaluation of an expression is delayed until its realized value is iterated over or the `ToListAsync` method is called. See [Query Execution](/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/ef/language-reference/query-execution) for more information.

> [!NOTE]

> > The [Contains](/dotnet/api/system.data.objects.dataclasses.entitycollection-1.contains) method is run on the database, not in the C# code. The case sensitivity on the query depends on the database and the collation. On SQL Server, `Contains` maps to [SQL LIKE](/sql/t-sql/language-elements/like-transact-sql), which is case insensitive. In SQLite, with the default collation, it's case sensitive. For information on making case insensitive SQLite queries, see the following:

Author: ```suggestion
> The [Contains](/dotnet/api/system.data.objects.dataclasses.entitycollection-1.contains) method is run on the database, not in the C# code. The case sensitivity on the query depends on the database and the collation. On SQL Server, `Contains` maps to [SQL LIKE](/sql/t-sql/language-elements/like-transact-sql), which is case insensitive. In SQLite, with the default collation, a mixture of case sensitive and case ***IN***sensitive, depending on the query. For information on making case insensitive SQLite queries, see the following:
```

The `s => s.Title.Contains()` code is a [Lambda Expression](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/statements-expressions-operators/lambda-expressions). Lambdas are used in method-based [LINQ](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/) queries as arguments to standard query operator methods such as the [Where](/dotnet/csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/query-syntax-and-method-syntax-in-linq) method or `Contains`. LINQ queries are not executed when they're defined or when they're modified by calling a method, such as `Where`, `Contains`, or `OrderBy`. Rather, query execution is deferred. The evaluation of an expression is delayed until its realized value is iterated over or the `ToListAsync` method is called. See [Query Execution](/dotnet/framework/data/adonet/ef/language-reference/query-execution) for more information.

> [!NOTE]

> > The [Contains](/dotnet/api/system.data.objects.dataclasses.entitycollection-1.contains) method is run on the database, not in the C# code. The case sensitivity on the query depends on the database and the collation. On SQL Server, `Contains` maps to [SQL LIKE](/sql/t-sql/language-elements/like-transact-sql), which is case insensitive. In SQLite, with the default collation, it's case sensitive. See [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/efcore/issues/11414) and [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/22314) for information on making case insensitive SQLite queries.

Author: ```suggestion
> The [Contains](/dotnet/api/system.data.objects.dataclasses.entitycollection-1.contains) method is run on the database, not in the C# code. The case sensitivity on the query depends on the database and the collation. On SQL Server, `Contains` maps to [SQL LIKE](/sql/t-sql/language-elements/like-transact-sql), which is case insensitive. In SQLite, with the default collation, it's case sensitive. For information on making case insensitive SQLite queries, see the following:
* [This GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/efcore/issues/11414).
* [This GitHub issue](https://github.com/dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs/issues/22314)
* [Collations and Case Sensitivity](/ef/core/miscellaneous/collations-and-case-sensitivity)
```
